Held at the Japan Science Future Museum
At the 4th Robot Award Ceremony
Developed by Maekawa Electric Co., Ltd.
Automatic bone removing robot for pork thigh
"Hamdasuar" is the best
Received the Small and Medium Venture Business Award
How to attach meat and thickness of bone
Different pork thighs, such as how to twist
Skilled technology for removing bones
It has been required
At Hamdas Aal, craftsmanship tips
For processing procedure and operation mechanism
We succeeded in taking in automation
At Hamdasal
Food called amorphous soft body
We realized automation of meat
Together in the food processing field
Robotization is
I did not go ahead
This is also to automate the food
Need to mechanize craftsmanship
I can not but rely on human hands
Mechanization is quite easy
And that it was difficult to mechanize
Since it is a food factory after cleaning
In terms of environmental issues
As environment to put in robot
Very tough things
Where it was
Inside there was not going
By Hamdas Ale
Because we have realized
In the future, food inflexible
Robot advances in automation
We are thinking about expanding the possibilities
So far 500 pig thighs per hour
The deboning process was performed by 20 people
By using Hamdasal
We were able to get the saving effect of 10 people
In addition, production planning with stable processing capacity
It became easy to set up
From now on, mainly in Europe Japan
We plan to develop sales to countries around the world
By the way
If you catch it, it is fish in general food
All things are vegetables
It can be enclosed in the framework of an indeterminate soft body
As our company is an irregular soft body
Know-how of automation
Accumulated and versatile in all fields
What is called an irregular soft general purpose system
I want to build